I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Tidying Up!
Peppa and George are in their
bedroom playing With their toys.
George, let's play dollies
and dinosaurs.
Grrrrr...
What is that? It looks like
a horrible monster!
Dine-saw!
Grrr!
Arrrgh! It's a dinosaur!
Help! Help!
Raarrr!
Arrrgh!
Help! Help!
Raarrr!
Daddy Pig is in the sitting room,
reading his newspaper.
Mummy Pig is reading her book.
Raarrr!
Arrrgh! Help! Help!
What are they doing?
Grrr!
Peppa, George,
What's going on?
Raaaaa...
Arrgh...
What's all this noise?
Wooooah! Heeelp!
What on earth is going on?
What a lot of noise!
And look at all this
mess on the floor!
Someone could trip over
and hurt themselves.
Someone did trip over
and hurt themselves!
Oh, dear! Poor Daddy Pig.
Come on, children,
let's do a bit of tidying up.
But Mummy,
We're playing dollies
and dinosaurs.
You can play again
When you've tidied up.
But it's all George's mess.
ls it really?
So this must be one of
George's Iovely dresses?
No.
Well, maybe some of the messes is mine.
Right! I'll help George tidy
and Mummy Pig can help Peppa.
We can have a race.
Girls against boys!
Good idea! Let's see
Who can tidy up first.
Ready, steady, go!
We're Winning!
No, you're not!
There! Oh! What's this?
Teddy! I've been
looking for you.
Quick, Peppa! Put Teddy
in your toy basket.
There! Now these books.
Lovely!
What do We have here?
Dine-saw!
That's right!
It's a dinosaur book.
It's George's pop-up
dinosaur book.
Oh!
This is a
tyrannosaurus rex.
Tyrannosaurus rex.
That's right!
Oh! This is
a brontosaurus.
Brontosaurus.
Yes.
And this is a triceratops.
Try-cy-tops.
Well done, George.
George loves dinosaurs.
Daddy, George, you've
stopped tidying up!
You'll lose the race!
Oh, yes, the race!
Come on, George, put this
back on the bookshelf.
Daddy, you're very slow
at tidying up.
Mummy and I
are going to Win.
No! We're going to Win!
We Win!
No! We Win!
We all Win. Look
how tidy the room is.
Hurray!
What a tidy room!
Well done, everyone.
Mummy, now that We've
tidied our room,
can We play dollies and
dinosaurs again?
Yes, you can carry on
With your game now.
Yippee!
Where are my dolls?
Where is Mr. Dinosaur?
Here they are!
Grrr! Dine-saw!
Arrgh! It's a dinosaur!
Help! Help!
Oh, dear,
Grrr!
the room
is untidy again.
Oh!
Well, at least
it Was tidy for a bit.
I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
The Playground!
Peppa and George are at the
playground With their friends.
Candy Cat and Pedro Pony
are on the climbing frame.
Suzy Sheep, Danny Dog,
and Rebecca Rabbit